[unsettling music]
[panting, gasps]
[giggles]
[theme music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
[dramatic music]
[Koku gasps]
[giggles]
Too bad.
-[Asagiri] You picked the wrong place.
-[grunts]
And I think at this point it's likely
he's already bitten the big one.
[laughing]
It's just like Kirisame said.
There wasn't a doubt in his mind
that you'd choose the wrong one, Koku.
[Asagiri] He said you've been that way
for as long as he's known you.
[laughing]
But since you came all this way,
I'd hate for you to leave empty-handed.
I don't have time to keep you company.
[Asagiri] So that's how it is.
You may not have the time,
but I do!
[shouts]
[Koku grunts]
[scoffs] You're not the sharpest tool,
are you?
Don't get in my way.
I've heard that you're
a really good person, Koku.
In fact, when Kirisame
and Yukikaze speak of you,
they do so with this bizarre kindness.
It's quaint.
They even laugh sometimes.
That's called nostalgia, right?
I hate it when they get that way.
I hate it more than you'll ever know.
I hate it when they talk about something
I can't relate to.
It's disgusting,
and the thought of them carrying on
like that for even a second longer
is something I cannot abide!
[both grunting]
[Koku grunts]
[grunts]
I'm gonna kill you!
[both grunting]
[scoffs]
[gasps]
[both grunting]
How do you…
[seagulls cawing]
[tense music]
So I finally found you.
It's Kazhan.
[gasps]
[Izanami grunts]
What, you got no time for a greeting?
[Kazhan] You're as cold as usual.
Now, now.
No need for talk like that.
And I've never greeted you.
[chuckles]
Yeah, that's true.
So what do you want?
We're in a hurry,
if you didn't notice.
Oh, come on.
Don't be that way.
I thought it'd be nice to goof around
like we did in the old days.
We can get nostalgic like about the past.
Isn't that what friends do?
[Yuna] Playing is all well and good,
but let's be honest.
You couldn't do a thing
unless you formed a faction.
You sure you'll be all right by yourself?
[Kazhan] Haven't changed a bit,
have you, my dear princess?
Still brightening up my day.
In fact, I'd say you've become
even more beautiful than bef--
Does that mean you're still
as weak as you ever were?
And there's one of the few traits of yours
that's always pissed me off.
I've copied you just like the upgrade.
[Asagiri] The reason  I skirmished
with you before
was to determine your abilities.
We had Yukikaze directly copy
your exact abilities into me.
In other words,
I've surpassed you in every way.
[gasps]
I take it by now you know
where I'm going with this.
It means Kirisame no longer
has any use for you!
[Koku gasps]
[groans]
[giggles]
[Koku grunting]
[grunts]
-Your efforts are wasted.
-[Koku grunts]
You don't have a hope in hell
of winning this fight
so give up already!
[Koku groaning]
[grunts]
[shouting]
[grunting]
[giggles]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[metal clangs]
[groans]
[Asagiri gasps]
[snarls]
[shouts]
[Asagiri grunting]
This can't be!
[gags]
[Asagiri grunting]
[panting]
Unbelievable.
There's no way.
[growls]
[Asagiri grunting]
[snarls]
[shouts]
What?
But why?
[Asagiri grunts]
Why?
Tell me!
But why?
It was supposed to be different.
[Asagiri] I was…
[gasps]
Come on!
Kill me!
Tell this to Kirisame.
Don't come near me ever again.
If he decides to seek me out,
he'll get no mercy from me.
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[tense music]
[bullet casing clinks]
[Yuna whimpers]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Kazhan grunts]
-[Izanami gasps]
-[Yuna gasps]
[Yuna grunts]
[grunts]
[watch beeping]
Well, lookie here.
I guess we're all done for the time being.
See you on the next go around, ladies,
and when that happens,
I'll kill you for sure.
Mark my words.
Your thoughts, Izanami?
That entire song and dance clearly
was meant to buy time,
and I'm getting the feeling that similar
stall tactics are being employed
in the other locations as well.
We have to join the others.
[Lily] Looks like we're being followed.
-Are they the people targeting you?
-[king] Huh?
-[Lily] Seem familiar?
-[king] No.
Well, even so,
given our situation,
I highly doubt they're here
to support us in this endeavor.
You bring up a good point.
[Lily] Let's lose them.
[king] Can you pull it off?
[Lily] First things first.
Hold on tight, please.
I'm sorry if you get car sick.
[car engine revving]
[tense music]
[Lily grunts]
[tires squealing]
[king groaning]
[gasps]
-[king groaning]
-[Lily gasps]
[grunts]
Hmm.
[giggles]
Things are about to get bumpy!
[tires squealing]
[car horns honking]
-[Lily] Aw, yeah!
-[king groaning]
That went exactly according to plan,
Majesty!
[gasps]
[screams]
[tires squealing]
[screaming]
[gasps]
Close one.
Oh, crap!
[tires squealing]
[gasps]
-Your Majesty, quickly!
-[king groans]
[gasps]
Huh?
[Lily] The Royal Police?
[distant sirens blaring]
[Lily] Huh?
Huh?
Wait just a second!
You have to listen to me!
-[Boris] Lily?
-[Lily] Huh?
-Boris!
-Hold on!
-Are you the suspect?
-[Lily] Oh, ha, ha!
Quit joking around and get these off me!
This here is one of our investigators.
You mind letting her go?
Afraid we can't.
If you'll excuse us.
Don't be like that.
I give you my word she's on the up-and-up.
Hey, where's your badge?
My pocket.
-[Boris] Uh, this one?
-Hands off the boobs, Boris!
Think of it as force majeure.
[chuckles]
Understood.
We've got a confirmation.
Man.
What's all this even about, anyway?
Yeah, I'd like to know the answer
to that myself.
Huh?
-[both gasping]
-Hey, that's His Majesty the king!
So you are a suspect in this whole mess!
I already told you I'm not!
[gasps]
[suspenseful music]
This way, Your Majesty.
Be honest with us.
What's the meaning of this?
[Eric] Please, tell us
what's going on already.
It's time we knew.
But there isn't any reason
for you to know.
Focus on doing as you're told for now.
Wha--
[chair creaks]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[snarls]
Of course.
As you say.
I don't have any time to be dealing
with crap like this!
Let me out of here right this instant!
If I don't get moving,
Keith is gonna be in big trouble!
Yeah, we know.
We heard you the first time.
Yet another Keith-related problem,
I take it?
Whenever there's trouble,
his name is always stamped clear across
the situation.
I've had enough!
What in the world is going on here?
We were sent out without being given
a whiff of any details,
so your guess is as good as my guess,
but we did discover just mere moments ago
that His Majesty the king
is safe and secure.
[Eric] So I'd like you to tell us
what's going on.
Keith has been kidnapped.
-[Eric gasps]
-Come again?
You heard correctly.
I was on the way to the place where
we believe Keith is being confined
but I was detained,
but I will give you all the details
on that later.
I understand.
We'll assist you in any way we can,
but it seems we can't
move out immediately.
Boris, if you'd do the honors.
Right.
Hmm.
-I have a question.
-[Eric] Hmm?
What's going to happen to His Majesty
at the end of this?
He'll be just fine.
An institution that reports
to the royals is on the move.
[Eric] He should be returning directly
to the Royal Palace safely from here.
Well, that's good to hear.
[tense music]
Majesty, I'm glad to see that you're safe.
Let us get going.
His Highness is waiting for us.
[gasps]
Huh?
Hmm.
[Lily] Who's that?
Look alive, Lily.
We've gotta get moving.
[Lily] Hmm.
Do you know who that guy is,
by any chance?
'Cause it feels like I've seen him before.
[Boris] Yeah, he's one of the guys
who reports directly to the royal family.
He barged into our place out of the blue
and boastfully started ordering us around.
Would you happen to know his name?
Do I know his name?
Uh, let's see.
His name.
Sounded like something unique.
[Boris] Uh, it's on the tip of my tongue,
but it's not coming to me.
[gasps]
It's Kirisame
Yeah, that's it.
Kirisame.
Damn it to hell!
-[Lily grunts]
-Hey, Lily, come back!
[tires squealing]
[yelps]
[groaning]
There's no mistaking it.
He was here.
[Koku] That's…
I get it.
[woman vocalizing]
[Koku] The wind should take me up
where I need to go.
Please let me make it in time.
[gasps]
[singing in Japanese]